[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film ahana
where death lives spoiler ahead watch
out and take care
on saipan island in the year 1670
the aborigines rip a european man's face
off sealed him into a cave
and they separated a pair of dolls to
validate the curse
in the present day paulina a
representative for a real estate
developer in the u.s
visit saipan for her company's new
project
traveling with her or the architecture
consultant tyler the cameraman and two
locals
the real estate broker wearing an angry
mustache and the tour guide
the superstitious aborigines on the
small island were often invaded by the
intruders
many were slaughtered by the spanish
colonists centuries ago
and then by the japanese invaders during
the second world war
helena's project spot is the natives
forbidden land
on which they have protested against any
development by the government
they themselves never enter this land
for they believe it is a land cursed
of course it sounds nonsense to polina
and tyler coming from the modern world
they won't bother to care about any
superstition for them it's an ideal spot
for the new project
which will bring them a big fortune the
land is fenced with barbed wire
on the gate hang many voodoo dolls which
resemble the curse
when they unlock the gate and enter the
spot they are stunned by the gorgeous
seaside scenery
it is such a wonderful place for a
high-end resort they will make a big
fortune for sure
polina asks the cameraman to shoot with
a drone for the beautiful seashore
later they find two men in the grove
coming near
they see they are the natives the old
one with a mask covering his face
looks like a wizard he recites a curse
while holding a doll in his hand
after that he throws the doll onto the
ground and they leave
right there is the entrance to the
bunker which was built by the japanese
army during the second world war
the angry mustache suggests to seal the
entrance and not come in
but taylor thinks that may cause
structural problems to the future
buildings
so they come through the entrance to
survey the bunker
the cameraman picks up the doll thrown
by the old native at the entrance
it's a long banged descent to the
abandoned japanese barracks
it seems nothing unusual until they see
a skeleton
and more skeletons are found polina sees
a female corpse which looks rather odd
as the corpse wore pants of the modern
time but women on saipan island during
the second world war period
wore dresses the guide hears some
strange sound
following the sound they see a creepy
walking skeleton
the creepy pushes the angry mustache and
demands him to get out
when the angry mustache pushes back the
creepy falls to the ground
dying his last words to the angry
mustache are
you must die all is paulina's fault
soon the bunker is on an earthquake in
the blair they cover their ears with the
hands
and fall to the ground after a while
when it calms down
you're surprised to see the lights on
and the creepy is gone
but they don't think he died polina
feels something wrong
when she opens the door she finds food
cans neatly sorted on the shelf
they want to get out of here but the
exit is sealed
searching around they're surprised to
see the place turns on a brand new look
the barracks look entirely different
from the disrepair before the earthquake
then they run into a japanese captain he
points his pistol at them
and asks how they got in here tyler
tells him they came from the entrance
the excited captain says there's no way
out once they come in
then he shoots himself dead there's no
time to wonder why he committed suicide
and must find a way out soon they find a
wireless telephone
tyler who can speak japanese tries to
communicate
but what he hears scares him a lot
because on the other side of the phone
someone tells tyler to kill paulina the
angry mustache loses his temper
shouting they shouldn't have come inside
the cameraman who picked up the doll
hears someone whispering to him the
guide picks up another doll from the
soldier
then at the corner he finds his mother
who died many years ago
under her summoning he thrust the sword
into his throat
thinking the guide must be hiding
somewhere in fear the others go on
searching for an exit
on yet another level below they find a
primitive cave
which is apparently not the japanese
barracks the cameraman recognizes
it is the tomb of the ancient tribal
chiefs on the wall
they're inlaid cursing dolls who bear
the souls of the chiefs and their brides
so all the dolls are in pair the curse
comes into force once a pair is
separated
it's revealed that the man whose face
was ripped off was one of the spanish
colonists who intruded and slaughtered
the aborigines
as a punishment the wizard sealed him
into this cave and separated a pair of
dolls
so as to produce a forceful curse on the
invader
the cameraman says the spanish may still
be alive
while the others look at the murals on
the wall the cameraman suddenly sees a
woman
scared by her terrible figure the
cameraman falls to the ground
when they help him lie in bed the
disfigured woman is gone
he tells paulina the curse is true but
they keep on searching
the angry mustache finds an office room
with everything neatly sorted
but is the same room they entered a
moment ago before the earthquake
it was in a total mess as they wonder
how that could be possible it was so
rearranged
the god comes in all bleeding before he
leaves
he throws some words they don't
understand again
the cameraman who lies in bed sees the
strange-shaped woman crawling
toward him but it's just his illusion
this woman is his sister
who died many years ago in an accident
which the cameraman thought his fault
he believes she was wanting his life in
fact it is just the doll's curse
the doll he picked is a female one the
cameraman believes maybe it'll
invalidate the curse
if they can find the male one and put
them together that male
doll perhaps is the one the guide picked
up from the suicide japanese captain
paulina leaves the cameraman to look for
tyler and the angry mustache
while the angry mustache runs into the
bleeding guide again
polina encounters her late son who turns
into a fierce monster in a second
but it is just her illusion she tells
tyler her son was drowned six years ago
when she was absent-minded for which she
has been blaming herself
all the time the angry mustache comes to
join them
together they read and analyze the diary
which they found from the suicide
captain
he was a captain during the second world
war
one day he saw a soldier dug out a male
doll inlaid on the wall
after that however the soldier became
mad it turns out the tunnel the mad
soldier dug
led them to the tribal chiefs tomb there
they saw a monster
who was the cursed spanish invader all
these were written down in the captain's
dairy
then the soldiers found themselves stuck
inside the cave without a way out
in despair the captain killed the mad
soldier and shot all the other
soldiers one by one when only the
captain was left alive
unable to bear the torture of the curse
he shot himself
but he came back to life again due to
the curse
the rest then realizes that the
cameraman is seemingly killed by his
sister
but it was just his illusion in fact he
killed himself instead
helena and tyler think all these
incidents must be related to the guide
as he is a native and knows many things
so they search for and try to kill him
in a passage tyler sees a monster
through the camera
but soon it disappears more monsters
manifest
and vanish all of a sudden the angry
mustache shows up out of nowhere
and kills tyler with a sword he's going
to kill them all
when he chases after paulina she runs
into the cave
where there are cursing dolls inlaid on
the wall she meets the guide
who is terribly bleeding he tells her
the spanish invader
who was cursed by the wizard 300 years
ago has since been stuck in the cave
and suffered the endless torture the
curse will continue to fall on every
intruder
unless the pair of dolls are reunited
since the curse is now working on the
guide
pauline gives him the female doll the
two dolls match
and the guide is ready to recite the
spell to break the curse
but when the angry mustache suddenly
bashes him with a stick
the guide who is in her rage then
recites the spell never forgive
and breaks the doll into pieces he
fights back
but is overpowered and killed by the
angry mustache
paulina picks up the captain's pistol
and points at the angry mustache
then tyler who is still alive comes to
join paulina
paulina cries that if the angry mustache
had not killed the guide
he should have broken the curse in rage
she then fires at the angry mustache
shortly after however tyler shoots
paulina dead before tyler himself dies
of too much bleeding
leaving his last words to the angry
mustache that he will be a loser if he
is alive
for he will be stuck in here all alone
for another 70 years
the angry mustache soon is shocked but
happy to find his wound
all gone when he watches the cameraman's
video
he finds that pulling his corpse is the
same as the odd one they saw
when they first came inside and the
creepy walking skeleton they saw
had the same tattoo as is on the arm
then the angry mustache is horrified to
realize that
the creepy walking skeleton was nobody
but himself
the curse has a reincarnation loop of 70
years which will be reset by the sudden
earthquake
anyone who is alive will be stuck in the
loop forever
in fact the neatly sorted room right
after the earthquake implies that the
group are all brought to the very
beginning of the loop
what's more that japanese captain who
happened to meet the group
happily committed suicide so as to
release himself from the endless curse
therefore 70 years later the angry
mustache will become the same creepy
walking skeleton
and tell the newly coming mustache you
must die the intruders will be tortured
in loneliness
in the cursed jenna round and round in
the final scene
seeing a group of new people comes
inside finally
the old mustache can't feel more excited
than that
so he walks close to them trying to
welcome his new mustache
however he just scares the mustache out
of the angry mustache's face
he's then pushed to the ground dying
while the arriving group just stare at
his skeleton body
out of curiosity and fear
[Music]
this is daniel cc movie channel bye